[Workers] Add info in required permissions for mTLS cert upload (#9918)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/runtime-apis/mTLS.md

First, upload a certificate and its private key to your account using the [`wrangler mtls-certificate`](/workers/wrangler/commands/#mtls-certificate) command:

{{<Aside type="warning">}}

> This command requires "Account: SSL and Certificates" write permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `wrangler mtls-certificate upload` command requires Account: SSL and Certificates write permissions.
```
Are there instructions for how to establish this "Account: SSL and Certificates write permissions"? If something is necessary, there should be followup guidance on how to accomplish it.

Author: Added further instructions.

{{<Aside type="warning">}}

> The `wrangler mtls-certificate upload` command requires ["SSL and Certificates Edit"](https://developers.cloudflare.com/fundamentals/api/reference/permissions/) API token scope. If your are using the OAuth flow triggered by  `wrangler login`, the correct scope is set automatically. If you are using API tokens, follow the guide ["Create an API token"](https://developers.cloudflare.com/fundamentals/api/get-started/create-token/) accordingly to se the right scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `wrangler mtls-certificate upload` command requires the [SSL and Certificates Edit API token scope](/fundamentals/api/reference/permissions/). If you are using the OAuth flow triggered by  `wrangler login`, the correct scope is set automatically. If you are using API tokens, refer to [Create an API token](https://developers.cloudflare.com/fundamentals/api/get-started/create-token/) to set the right scope for your API token.
```
